[API + YAML] Upload and install tarballs (.tar.gz packages) on Linux (#27202)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

_Available in Fleet Premium._

> Add a package (.pkg, .msi, .exe, .deb, .rpm, .tar.gz) to install on macOS, Windows, or Linux hosts.

Author: ```suggestion
Add a package (.pkg, .msi, .exe, .deb, .rpm, .tgz, .tar.gz) to install on macOS, Windows, or Linux hosts.
```

> Add a package (.pkg, .msi, .exe, .deb, .rpm, .tgz, .tar.gz) to install on macOS, Windows, or Linux hosts.

Author: ```suggestion
Add a package (.pkg, .msi, .exe, .deb, .rpm, .tar.gz) to install on macOS, Windows, or Linux hosts.
```

| ----            | ------- | ---- | --------------------------------------------     |
| software        | file    | form | **Required**. Installer package file. Supported packages are .pkg, .msi, .exe, .deb, and .rpm.   |
| team_id         | integer | form | **Required**. The team ID. Adds a software package to the specified team. |

> | install_script  | string | form | Script that Fleet runs to install software. If not specified Fleet runs [default install script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/tree/f71a1f183cc6736205510580c8366153ea083a8d/pkg/file/scripts) for each package type. Required for tarballs. |

Reviewer: We're missing uninstall script here (should've been added awhile ago), and it's also required per Figma.

Author: @iansltx I took a stab at adding the uninstall_script. It looks like the scripts themselves use the word 'remove' but in the UI we say 'uinstall' so I assume we should keep install and uninstall as the terms. LMK.

> | install_script  | string | form | Script that Fleet runs to install software. If not specified Fleet runs [default install script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/tree/f71a1f183cc6736205510580c8366153ea083a8d/pkg/file/scripts) for each package type. Required for tarballs. |

Author: ```suggestion
| install_script  | string | form | Script that Fleet runs to install software. If not specified Fleet runs [default install script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/tree/f71a1f183cc6736205510580c8366153ea083a8d/pkg/file/scripts) for each package type. Required for tarballs. |
| uninstall_script  | string | form | Script that Fleet runs to uninstall software. If not specified Fleet runs [default uninstall script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/tree/f71a1f183cc6736205510580c8366153ea083a8d/pkg/file/scripts) for each package type. Required for tarballs. |
```

| ----            | ------- | ---- | --------------------------------------------     |
| software        | file    | form | **Required**. Installer package file. Supported packages are .pkg, .msi, .exe, .deb, and .rpm.   |
| team_id         | integer | form | **Required**. The team ID. Adds a software package to the specified team. |

> | install_script  | string | form | Script that Fleet runs to install software. If not specified Fleet runs [default install script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/tree/f71a1f183cc6736205510580c8366153ea083a8d/pkg/file/scripts) for each package type. Required for tarballs. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| install_script  | string | form | Script that Fleet runs to install software. If not specified Fleet runs [default install script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/tree/f71a1f183cc6736205510580c8366153ea083a8d/pkg/file/scripts) for each package type. Required for tarballs (.tar.gz). |
```

Small tweak to help let users who don't know what a tarball is.

> | uninstall_script  | string | form | Script that Fleet runs to uninstall software. If not specified Fleet runs [default uninstall script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/tree/f71a1f183cc6736205510580c8366153ea083a8d/pkg/file/scripts) for each package type. Required for tarballs. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| uninstall_script  | string | form | Script that Fleet runs to uninstall software. If not specified Fleet runs [default uninstall script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/tree/f71a1f183cc6736205510580c8366153ea083a8d/pkg/file/scripts) for each package type. Required for tarballs (.tar.gz). |
```

> | install_script  | string | form | Script that Fleet runs to install software. If not specified Fleet runs the [default install script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/tree/main/pkg/file/scripts) for each package type if one exists. Required for package types without a default script (e.g. .tar.gz). |
> | uninstall_script  | string | form | Script that Fleet runs to uninstall software. If not specified Fleet runs the [default uninstall script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/tree/main/pkg/file/scripts) for each package type if one exists. Required for package types without a default script (e.g. .tar.gz). |

Reviewer 3: @eugkuo @iansltx Since this is in the public API and we need to keep API-only users in mind, I think we should explicitly call out all the types that require install/uninstall scripts. Are there any other package types without a default script, or just `.tar.gz`?
```suggestion
| install_script  | string | form | Script that Fleet runs to install software. If not specified Fleet runs the [default install script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/tree/main/pkg/file/scripts) for each package type if one exists. Required for `.tar.gz` (no default script). |
| uninstall_script  | string | form | Script that Fleet runs to uninstall software. If not specified Fleet runs the [default uninstall script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/tree/main/pkg/file/scripts) for each package type if one exists. Required for `.tar.gz` (no default script). |
```

Reviewer: Agreed, though we can probably do that change on the EXE side first (the other place this applies) to avoid conflicts, then merge 4.66 into 4.67, then update this PR on top of that.
